in which direction are we heading ?
how much will the charge be ?
i 'd like a hammock .
do you have rolls ?
let me see this .
you should take the bus .
does this train stop at washington d.c. ?
is anything wrong ?
my shoulder is badly bruised .
my suitcase is broken .
take me to this address .
does this price include tax , service charge and breakfast ?
okay . i 'll send our housekeeper right away to open the door with a master key . what is your room number ?
and we prefer non-smokers .
excuse me , sir .
i 'm just browsing .
we enjoyed it , thank you .
what do you mean ?
i 'll be using my britrail pass from today .
i 'd like one made of corduroy .
it 'll take three days .
and your name please .
yes . i started it when i first visited japan fifteen years ago . they have flowers and birds in their designs and are so attractive .
needless to say , i 'd like to visit the capitol building , too .
can i see samples of check books ?
okay , i 'll get you some more plates .
may i help ?
i 'd like to have dinner for less than fifty dollars in all .
remember to fill up with gas before you return it .
my suitcase 's wheel is broken .
your bill comes to one hundred fifty dollars and forty five cents .
we 'd like to have a guide who speaks japanese if we can .
do you stop at the hilton hotel ?
can you bring me the bill ?
this is akiko ono , george 's friend .
it 's on your right .
my name is mikako ikeda .
okay . but i hope it will n't take long .
then , please fill out this application form and sign it .
and i want to call collect .
what time does the train arrive in cairns ?
and on special occasions such as wedding receptions , award ceremonies or funerals .
you did n't give me the right change .
half bottle , please .
does it come with an instruction sheet ?
please drink the soup after you cool it .
my name and address are on it .
okay .
pull on the reins .
i 'd like to go to the a museum .
i 'd like a cassette tape .
well then , why do n't we go to the beach tomorrow ?
i 'm getting better .
could you issue me a replacement card immediately ?
where 's the railway station ?
please try again later .
well , how nice of you .
what kind model do you want ?
when should i take these tablets ?
i 'd like a chain .
so , that 's two thousand five hundred dollars monthly .
junji isobe .
how deep is that lake ?
how can i make a telephone call to japan ?
would you like to get together for dinner tomorrow night ?
i 'd like to send you a photo later .
your name , flight number , and the date , please .
please call me ken .
show me some others in different colors .
did you ask the taxi company about it ?
just as i expected , the weather is very different .
many workers commute to their offices , which takes them one to two hours .
after the immigration , you 'll find it .
where is the fountain ?
i do n't have money now .
yes .
i 'm just looking , thanks .
oh , thank you . i enjoyed it .
my name is akio yamada and the flight number is jal zero two six bound for tokyo .
you have many .
please put it in this yellow basket .
we still have a few miles to travel .
it 's five minutes to eight .
this is my confirmation slip .
it 's convenient .
is there any change in the flight number two five two to osaka ?
how much are they ? could you write the cost on a piece of paper ?
i left my bag on the train .
this change is wrong .
it hurts when i touch it .
that man 's pickled .
there is no mistake .
will there be any free time on this tour ?
if possible , i would like to sit in the exit seat .
how long does it take to get to the station by taxi ?
please press this button .
please remember me .
could you come with me , please ?
i 'd like to make an appointment with don on july second at two p.m.
good morning , ladies and gentlemen .
may i leave this area ?
i would like headphones , please .
thank you for coming such a long way .
how much is the postage on this ?
i twisted my neck while i was sleeping .
well , i have n't decided yet .
trim them a little above the eyebrows , please .
what time can i have breakfast ?
how long will it take for an ambulance to arrive here ?
it 's a bit chilly in here .
when is it convenient for you ?
well , i do n't know .
i 'll be here until the ninth .
do you have a discount for monthly stay ?
how large ?
could i borrow your pen ?
do you have someone who speaks japanese ?
do i have to be dressed up ?
excuse me , where is the post office ?
i 'm not sure but i 'll tell her you called .
explain the rules , please .
i 'm not too fond of fish .
the amount you drink is billed automatically .
could you get two tickets for us ?
counter is fine .
you can get an even better score .
just a moment .
could you tell me the price ?
thank you for today .
what floor is the room on ?
police .
does it have a bath ?
what time does the plane leave ?
how often do i take this medicine ?
please tell me what i can see at this site .
four stops .
could you take a picture of us with this camera ?
i thought it was a flat rate between the airport and downtown ?
i 'd prefer one at the front of the plane .
i 'd like a pack of playing cards .
are there any buses running ?
platform number nine .
many thanks for nice present .
we are given twenty paid holidays per year .
what does the sign say ?
i do n't believe i do .
excuse me .
i have some clothes i 'd like to wash .
we 're glad that you have been so understanding .
all right .
from boston we have flights at two , four and six p.m.
here 's ten dollars .
is it heavy ?
i 'd like to open the window .
are you korean ?
it 's been ages since i last saw you .
oh . at last we are in the big apple . now we have to take a subway to get to the village . do n't we need to buy a subway map ?
all right .
how many stops to the abc museum ?
i want to finish this by my own way .
do you have a smaller flask ?
how was the sales performance last year ?
how late is the department store open ?
i worked with mr. carter on a job about two years ago .
i 'm going to take a shot at a whirlwind tour of new york in just one afternoon using the subways , buses and taxis .
a tight permanent , please .
the toilet does n't flush . please send someone up .
i 'm looking for a two-quart , thick-gauge aluminum pot .
he is out for lunch right now .
i 'd recommend a fifteen thirty-two .
take care .
i 'd like an adapter .
i 'm toshiki mizukawa from kitashiba electronics company , the moderator for this forum .
when does that shop close ?
how late may we use the facilities ?
could you issue a tax-free document ?
shall i show you a necklace ? is it this one ?
all right .
i 've always wanted to visit here .
the car is parked over there , in spot number seventy-seven .
please choose good one for a man about fifty years old .
this is too big for me .
this one , please .
it 's the seniority wage system .
where can i find a doctor who speaks japanese ?
if you were n't concerned with having so much fun , we would n't be here right now .
how can i get to this address ?
thank you for your kind hospitality .
where 's the gift shop ?
please avoid the following .
how long does it take to complete the tour ?
yes , we have a reservation for you .
hi .
i have a terrible ear-ache .
japan has delicious rice .
can i use the fax machine ?
i 'm really looking forward to a good dinner .
do you have any sightseeing tours of the city ?
i 'd like to check this baggage .
please take care not to get lost .
what are you going to do on new year 's eve ?
this dress does n't fit me .
i need to have a japanese interpreter .
i have cash to cover meals for three days .
do you have a clinical thermometer ?
may i have a programme , please ?
what papers are necessary for processing ?
i have little appetite .
i stomped my feet for five minutes .
if i buy three of them , can i get ten percent off ?
you can buy me a cup of coffee with the difference .
hope to see you again .
i know a couple more interesting things about hollywood .
are any reserved seats available ?
you have to have exact change .
two glasses of red wine , please .
excuse me , where should i claim my bags ?
yes , two cokes .
i 'm the one who 's the victim .
you are the most attractive person i have ever met in my whole life .
how do you think this looks ?
may i see some other ones in a different style ?
ladies and gentlemen , good afternoon and welcome aboard .
please give me some tissues .
may i leave this message for miss miyata , room twelve eleven ?
the flight number to los angeles is zero two three .
please change this into small change .
how much does it cost to abbey road ?
thank you very much for your kindness .
i 'd like to have some small change , too .
can i have a hundred grams of pumpkin salad ?
what time is it ?
is this the right plane ?
do you have any city sightseeing bus tours ?
you can n't buy a ticket in the bus .
how about meeting there , then ?
well , transylvania air is a no frills airline .
what 's the movie ?
does this train go direct to paris ?
what 's the name of that tree ?
good for you .
is there a shopping mall near here ?
how can i get a diving license ?
excuse me , can you recommend a hotel to me ?
if i send it from japan , can you fix it ?
well , let 's see what they say at the post office .
is it easy for a two year old boy to play ?
no .
one small pizza with pepperoni , please .
what 's the difference between those hotels ?
it 's really good .
is this the last stop ?
but it does n't say for golden gate bridge .
please convert dollars into pounds .
we need to check on the progress of the project regularly .
how much is the tour ?
where does it start ?
can you keep my valuables ?
are alcoholic drinks served free , too ?
if my credit card is used , could you compensate the amount ?
does this flight stop at miami ?
where do we meet again ?
i have low blood pressure .
has my baggage been checked through to the final destination ?
about five hundred francs or american one hundred dollars .
thanks to e-mail , i can exchange information .
have you got any idea where you 're going ?
give me fifteen gallons of diesel , please .
i 'll take a slice of this .
yeah .
excuse me , push the shutter , please .
where 's this magazine ?
can i see your passport ?
i 'm an engineer . and you ?
what 's the fastest way ?
oh no .
your bill comes to one hundred dollars .
i 'm sorry , there 's no mr. jones here .
i think i have a good overview of the company .
great shot .
could you take a picture with us in the middle in front of the church ?
your party 's on the line .
have a nice vacation .
where can i catch a bus to go to boston ?
i see . would you wait here for about twenty minutes to enjoy your coffee while i do shopping in galleria for my wife and daughters ?
are there any japanese-speaking guides ?
please go a little further , please .
it 's too close to the toilet .
her address is seventeen forty-seven , stoner avenue , los angeles .
it was a very unique experience for me .
i 'd like some depilatory cream .
do you sell these things loose ?
what do i do when i want to get off the bus ?
what number bus ?
please send this by surface mail to this address .
are any seats still available for tonight 's show ?
sorry for interrupting , but let 's get down to the main issue .
changes in the business environment may affect the project .
tea ceremony is called sado in japan .
what is today 's program ?
there are jal and ana flights which leave at ten fifty-five .
what would you say is the cause ?
i 'd like something to match this .
is there a public phone here ?
where is the lavatory ?
did you like it ?
that tour leaves at nine a.m. everyday .
would you put a ribbon on it ?
is it a war picture ?
one by the window would be okay .
are you mrs. ebert ? i 'm hiroshi sato .
i 'm sorry , but we only have orange juice .
could you lend me some money ?
have a nice time .
who should i notify ?
no , i mean flowers which grow .
do i have to declare these things , too ?
there was a big earthquake this morning .
i 've been attacked .
no , i just got here .
do n't fail to bring your passport with you .
i like it , but it 's too expensive for me to eat very often .
that was easy to understand .
for dates , they go to amusement parks .
let me have ten thirty-five cent stamps .
why do n't we go to movie this weekend ?
do you have anything a little bit better ?
how long is the carry over that pond ?
let me check .
what 's the most popular tour ?
you must show your passport at the passport control .
we 're here at the museum .
the brown one with the change purse .
my stomach twinges .
how many sets will you do ?
please fill my prescriptions .
of course , but you 'd better use a flash .
may i have two tickets for the reserved seats ?
can i send a telex ?
i 'm watanabe goroh , room one two three .
i might have had nitrogen narcosis .
i know .
i 'd like a nursing bottle .
is the center stone a diamond ?
please write your address here .
i want a pain killer .
we 're interested in economics .
i 'm not sure what it would be in america .
how many boxes of chocolate should i buy ?
at the souvenir shop by the entrance .
we just came to america from japan yesterday .
i am so honored to have met a wonderful man like you .
shall we have some coffee now ?
come on , everybody up .
i 'm a free-lance journalist .
well , one of my suitcases has n't shown up .
one moment , please .
are there any courts free ?
how often do the buses run ?
it 's a bit too expensive .
i 'd like to rent some skin-diving equipment .
have n't you anything smaller ?
i do n't have much time now .
this is an automatic one .
you 'll see it right in front of you .
i want to take the shuttle bus to the airport .
where 's the closest restaurant from this hotel ?
i was looking for a taxi , but this is better .
i cannot find your name on the reservation list .
is it an american film ?
where 's the dressing room ?
just a moment , please .
just a minute , sir . i 'll check on that . i 'm sorry about the mistake. here 's a new bill .
i 'm really , sorry .
let 's call the hotel as soon as we arrive in london .
how is the dress ? does it fit ?
i could n't wear something this flashy in japan .
could i have my key , please ? the room number is one fifteen .
can you describe the person ?
you should go to a department store .
i 'd like a table for three or four at seven .
it 'll cost about three hundred dollars to fix it .
you have children ?
please give me some writing paper .
there is a charge for boxes .
i cut my finger badly .
is there a mailbox around here ?
i think i 'm at the wrong gate .
are you allergic to any specific medication ?
i 'll look forward to receiving them .
i 've got a stomachache .
the light was red .
do we have to return this cart back here ?
please break this ten-dollar bill into five singles and one five-dollar bill .
my baggage was stolen .
to attend a meeting in san francisco .
where in canada are you from ?
it 's a few blocks that away .
is there anything i can pick up for you on the way back from work tonight ?
will he has to be in the hospital ?
i want to go to san diego .
well , it 's about time to leave , i suppose .
we 're very grateful for all your support and cooperation , and this is a small token of our appreciation .
would you like to try this one ?
how much does it cost for one night at the hotel ?
but it is n't too hot or cold .
hello , this is ms. nagata .
could you make a reservation for me , please ?
does this have removable pads and straps ?
i see , we have a hotel doctor .
do i need a vaccination against yellow fever ?
so , please be careful .
can i become a member there ?
will you let me know when i arrive there ?
could you hurry ? i have a reservation at seven .
you have appendicitis .
i 'd like a restaurant where english is spoken .
please have them delivered to my hotel .
may i have the skirt a little shorter ?
i 'm afraid i can n't eat it all .
how 's the water ?
i see .
no , i 'm a senior here at nyu .
i locked myself out of the hotel room and had to ask them to unlock the door .
my name is noguchi .
it does n't work .
it 's a poached egg in soup stock .
i hope it has n't been contaminated with a computer virus .
what time do you close ?
do you have this in pink ?
would you clean the windshield , please ?
the engine will n't start .
it 's yours .
all the stores are having a sale right now .
i 'd like another color , please .
i 'm from switzerland .
what time will the performance end ?
i 'd like to reconfirm my reservation on flight seventeen to tokyo this sunday .
would you write the minutes for yesterday 's meeting ?
cone , please .
how much is it by sea-mail ?
i 'm into surfing .
my seat is apart from my friend 's .
i think you have the wrong number .
i refuse to sit in a hotel room and watch baseball on tv .
i do n't know the american size , but it is twenty-three centimeters .
an unreserved seat , please .
i found a defect when i was looking it over at the hotel .
and down the road i look and there runs mary , .
take your time .
please go to window number two .
could you make a reservation for a concert for me ?
is there a subway ?
what did he say ?
can i change my reservation from august eleventh to the twelfth ?
can i buy batteries for my camera here ?
is there a major league game tomorrow ?
okay .
what 's showing at the north hollywood theater ?
hello .
if you follow the street you 'll get to the station .
it will n't take long .
it looks nice on you .
you 're here , anyway .
how many years have you been in this business ?
it 's very kind of you to call to inquire after my health .
i have a dull pain in my ear .
excuse me , but where can i find a drug store ?
i cannot say for certain .
no , it 's real cowhide .
good evening . may i help you ?
do you want to sit beside the window or on the aisle ?
i wounded myself .
appetizers and a meat dish , please .
what time is the check-out ?
i 'm married .
i hope you like it .
i left my coat in the closet of the hotel .
i 'll try it .
i would like two tickets for " cats " , for this thursday .
can you take me to this address ?
i 'd like some chocolate chip cookies , please .
i 'll give you a ring when i 'm free .
is there public transportation that runs all the way to the tip of the cape ?
my jewelry was stolen .
i 'd like a room with twin beds .
the accident backed up traffic .
a first-class , non-smoking seat , please .
it 's better for you to take a bus .
we 'll eat it together , so please bring an extra fork ?
what kind of pain ?
how much is it to denver ?
two tickets for the cruise .
it is closed on mondays , but a different day should be okay .
can i use this pass ?
hear the news ?
my room is too cold .
business class , please .
let me know when it 's ready .
i 'd like to have this translated .
you 're welcome .
please send me e-mail as soon as possible .
the same , please .
i 'd like to take lessons .
can i talk to mr. smith ?
i 'd like some nonalcoholic drink .
they have the rental clubs costing ten dollars per a full set , but i 'm not sure about the shoes .
do you have a bed for females tonight ?
after dinner , with the dessert , please .
what 's the price ?
you may keep the change .
can i rent shoes and a racket ?
is your name tag attached to your luggage ?
i 'd like to make reservations on flight two one five .
would you like your tea now ?
a coke , please .
thank you . keep the change .
okay , it 's clear now .
which is the best seat ?
does this car go to edinburgh ?
do you have the same thing in black ?
where is the children 's department ?
that 's the wrong entree .
please put down your hotel name and telephone number on this paper , so we can contact you .
i was surprised at seeing a traffic accident .
it is for my personal use .
a bottle of lager , please .
i feel itchy all over my body .
did you get a good look at the suspect ?
i do n't think this is right .
the tahiti island .
you will have to pay an extra charge .
get out of the way .
i 'm afraid i 'll miss my flight .
get out .
so it 's four thousand yen each .
can you show me where the seat is on a plan , please ?
how much money were you carrying ?
okay , here you are .
i 'll call him for you if he 's able to see you .
i want to listen to you .
it is insured , is n't it ?
what time do the lifts stop ?
you should come and visit some time .
thank you very much .
stop at the next signal , please .
where 's the exchange office ?
if the person was a buddhist , yes .
i went back to my hotel room and found a tear here .
hello . this is united airlines .
is this your first time on a plane ?
what do you mean ? you are speaking english now .
yes , i have two cartons .
and how much more do we have to pay for the express ?
right away , please .
no frills , but a few thrills .
what would be the best course of action to take ?
then , unfortunately we can n't do the procedure .
our arrival will be delayed .
can we make the train ?
what will you have for dessert ?
in front of the exit .
excuse me .
could you send it to japan ?
kumi , stand near him .
the winter olympics were held in nagano several years ago .
i think jennie 's is close and is a nice store .
i 'll check the timetable .
that 's only my leg that hit you .
it 's been ages since we last met .
i do n't know but i think they are a stronger prescription .
my wallet and credit cards are in the bag .
kyoto is sheer medieval japan , teeming with historical monuments , temples , shrines , and spots .
i 'd like to get a diving license .
you can n't miss it .
including breakfast , tax , and service charge , it would be forty-five dollars per person per night .
do you feel drowsy after taking this medicine ?
can i make an appointment for tomorrow ?
the light is n't working .
taxi .
you can walk there .
we have a choice of white , rye and whole wheat bread .
two adults and one child , please .
ha-ha , be sure to do so .
where can i buy folkcraft goods ?
where is the stationery store ?
i really do n't know what to do .
let me check the brake fluid and the engine .
is it possible to have a new coat of paint in the living-room ?
i 'd like cereal , please .
i 'd like a compact disk .
does this train pass through el paso ?
film for slides , please .
i 'm sorry , there is n't one in the hotel .
yes .
i 'd like to send this by special delivery .
can i get something to drink ?
i 'd like to go shopping .
can i enjoy the privilege of discount with this card ?
take me to the hospital , please .
i have four bottles of whisky .
oh no , really ?
i 'd like change for a ten dollar bill , please .
that flight closed five minutes ago .
there may be other possibilities that we have n't considered yet .
where is the busy street in this town ?
i have a headache .
these things are just what i 've always wanted .
i have a decayed tooth .
i left my camera in the cab .
right .
would you like tea or coffee ?
that would be great if you could .
medium-well , please .
is there a tour of the city ?
pure or imitation ?
could you send it out to japan if i order it now ?
you want more ? here 's the dessert menu .
can i pay with my american express ?
i 'd like mineral water , please .
i think today i 'll go to the first one you mentioned .
please put it under the seat in front of you , or on the shelf above you .
please fill out these contract .
okay .
so i just sign it ?
there is no telephone booth around here .
i 've been assigned to your company 's chicago branch .
excuse me .
i 'd like it let out an inch here .
would you like anything on it ?
i 'll have the bellboy open the door with the master key .
what 's the first station on this line ?
and also we 'd like to have your speciality .
where can i put my baggage ?
three slices of cheese pizza , please .
i 'd like some washing powder .
yes , i went there three years ago .
i 'd like to receive a brochure .
i can help you with your homework after we have some pizza .
how long have you been having that symptom ?
sorry , the house is full .
a maintenance person will be up shortly .
what do you have for a headache ?
two hundred .
i am afraid not .
it 's on water street .
three dollars for adults and two dollars for children .
please exchange this money into dollars .
will you go and look for my mask with me ?
the port authority is nine dollars fifty cents .
just a moment , please .
friday night , at nine .
call the cops .
white is very popular this year .
i have a reservation .
please show me that one .
all the tickets were sold out .
are there any tourist information office in this town ?
thank you .
please accept my sincere condolences .
to nagoya , japan .
i 'd like to take it home .
usually around five or six times a year .
i 'd like them soled and heeled .
move over .
please wake up call at six o 'clock tomorrow morning .
can i leave the baggage in the cabin ?
it was an excellent dinner .
which would you like , soup or salad ?
please tell me where the nearest railroad station is .
he went to los angeles last summer .
i 'd like to join a sightseeing tour .
is there a dining car on this train ?
do you have a map of the underground ?
i 'd like to take you out to dinner , if you 're free tonight .
can i try one ?
the maid will do it as soon as possible .
we had better find the united airlines counter right now .
we 're interested in fine arts .
could you give me another one ?
the price is too high .
if you could wait just a moment , i will answer any questions you have .
i went to miami before coming here .
there are many varieties , but the most popular one is light pink , and its blossoms make the japanese emotional .
i 'd like a single with bath .
do i pay now ?
is there a subway station near here ?
i do n't have enough extra coins .
where is the department store ?
now he has goofed it .
please forward my mail here .
where is the cafe ?
i can n't answer this question .
not now .
can you give me a late check-out ?
my name is miki oda and the flight number is jal zero one two bound for vancouver .
we 'll have it back to you soon .
where is the bus stop for the central park ?
how many in your party ?
where 's the all-night chemist 's ?
take a rest for a few days .
that 's wonderful suggestion .
please call a doctor .
it has a fine collection of landscape paintings .
will you pass me the pepper , please ?
roppongi is well-known for its night-life .
your room number is fifteen o one , on the fifteenth floor .
that 's a good price .
could you recommend a good shop to buy leather bags ?
this wine tastes of cork .
sorry , i 'm in a hurry .
are there any other charges ?
i do both .
what is this " chili con carne " ?
i 'd like to hire a car for a week .
i bought this here yesterday , but there was a stain on it .
this is five kilogram over weight .
are these shoes made in the u.s.a. ?
take a bus to oak bridge and transfer to marine park .
i dropped this camera and broke the shutter .
my name is ishii .
you have to buy a new ticket .
can i get a half-carafe ?
i want to reserve a double for next weekend , the twenty-third and twenty-fourth .
can i try on this pair of jeans ?
i 'm going to see you to the door .
how much is the insurance ?
i want to go to the opera .
they bloom in spring .
put the bag over here , and the suitcase in the closet , please .
can i have my valuables back , please ?
yes , we 're sure we have a reservation .
please .
a seat on the terrace , please .
august thirtieth .
hello .
where does the airport bus to the city leave ?
when can you reissue it ?
will you tell me how to get there ?
turn around .
who should be chosen as the chairperson ?
do you have some tickets for a show tomorrow night ?
it 's earlier .
send someone quickly to my room .
is there any bus that goes to boston directly ?
i 'm from great britain .
do they give refunds ?
i want to get something for my boyfriend .
i left my purse in a taxi .
i 'd like some cleansing cream .
i 'd like to have dinner on the terrace .
could you suggest another restaurant ?
i 'd like to , but i 'm very busy right now .
i feel nauseous and can n't keep anything in my stomach .
where is the station ?
could you make a theft report for my insurance company ?
twenty-three twenty .
i 'll have a beer .
you 'll see the sign .
is this a half day tour ?
on your stomach .
excuse me , but would you show me how to use the shower ?
good shot .
where can i buy cigarettes ?
mike hit me .
your signature , please .
maybe fifteen dollars at the most .
i see .
could you help me fill this form ?
could you tell me where the information counter is ?
yes , i do .
in that case , i 'd recommend this one .
do you have any jackets i could try on ?
can you speak slowly please ?
i 'd like these clothes cleaned .
i ordered that .
i 'd like coffee .
then two round-trip tickets to san diego , please .
the flight i was supposed to be on , aa eleven , was cancelled .
that sounds great .
in the beginning i have to thank you very much for the perfect program you have prepared for me .
the flight has been cancelled .
i 'll call your company .
i 'm sorry , he 's not in at the moment .
i hope you like this color and style .
excuse me , but what intersection are we on now ?
charge the battery , please .
i 've got to find a way to use it all up .
i understand that most americans do n't eat fish raw , do they ?
may i have a bath towel ?
it 's in the basket near the toaster .
where is rodin 's sculpture ?
would you change these lenses for stronger ones ?
i 've searched all over the room for the missing passport .
we have n't thought about it .
please change this into german marks .
do i pay in advance ?
take us to the hilton hotel , please .
the window is broken .
i 'll be sure and come back again tomorrow .
thank you .
i think he is about ninety-nine years old .
what are you drinking ?
i 'll have a large sprite .
do you have any treatments for spots and freckles on the face ?
i left my camera on the nine train from seattle to chicago .
they 're on the basement .
all right , are you sure that this is all your luggage ?
this boy ran out in front of my car .
then , the problem of environmental contamination is also reduced . right ?
nice shot .
i lost my camera .
i 'd like to send this package to tokyo by air courier .
to bill .
where can i pick up the ticket ?
where can i make a copy ?
any day ticket ?
exactly eighteen dollars .
not yet .
will you keep this baggage ?
that 'll be eighteen dollars for the stamps .
are there any camera shops near here ?
the airplane took off at last .
i 'd like some paper .
now , please look at the progress schedule of the project , which can be found on page seventeen .
thank you very much , sir .
today 's her birthday .
keep the change .
is there any duty ?
draw me a map .
excuse me .
are there any weekend arrangements ?
no .
i want a no-smoking seat , please .
what time are we leaving ?
money .
oh ? may i try writing with this pen on paper ?
no , thanks , that 's all .
but it has already become firmly rooted among japanese eating habits .
i ordered it long time ago .
show me a pendulum clock , please .
certainly .
i have to be in los angeles on friday morning .
it 's manchester .
please write that down .
yes , value-added tax is deducted from your purchase .
i have some items for sewing .
i 'm sure i have a reservation .
take my friend to a hospital , please .
i want a license of scuba diving .
are there any other hotels ?
i hate that sadness in your eyes .
i 'd like to reserve a table for this evening at seven .
who was the architect ?
i can n't believe that you are actually forty .
but of course it will be renewed if there are no disagreements .
how many bottles can i take duty-free ?
the famous duomo of milano .
i 'd like a rectangular one .
i 'd like to have my ears covered on the sides .
do you have ketchup ?
can this be machine-washed ?
smoking or non ?
i would like to order , please .
well , let me check the lost and found .
you have to take a bus , taxi or train .
government offices remain open but their employees take several days off by turns .
i 'd like to ask for you again next time .
please put your belongings under your seat .
the strings are worn out .
how do you go to school ?
here 's the fare .
we had a great time .
i 'm just looking around .
will you accept ten dollars for two ?
take one pill with a glass of water after each meal .
let 's do it .
you are supposed to pick up your baggage from the baggage carousel .
i like it .
seven thirty .
my laundry has n't come back .
hands off .
documents .
you 're right-i know , why do n't we go there together ?
i have always been interested in history ever since i was little .
i think there is a mistake in the bill .
may i ask you to take me to the bus stop ?
i would like one fifty dollars bill and five ten dollars bills , please .
please give me some glue .
i 'd like it to stay under one hundred eighty dollars .
excuse me , did you give back the key ?
are there any duty-free sales on board ?
thirty-second street .
not serious .
do they serve good wine in the restaurant ?
could you give me a morning call at seven thirty tomorrow ?
do you like me ?
how long are we stopping here ?
i 'm afraid they 've all been taken , sir .
these are tax-free items .
i 'd like a seat that is not too far back .
where can i cash a traveler 's check ?
i 'm looking for some cards that are typically hawaiian .
i think there 's a mistake in the bill .
do you have any reservations about the use of this microcomputer ?
sure i did .
in the front , please .
is there a bus that leaves this afternoon ?
i want to go through duty free formalities .
for one day it is about one hundred dollars .
we are quite full tonight .
do you want to share a room with me ?
excuse me , may i ask the name of your dish ?
i wanted that .
it says " one way " .
i bought it secondhand from a used-car dealer .
please sign your name here .
here 's the forwarding address .
i 'm sorry .
my friend 's conditions is bad .
could you gift wrap this ?
is it a dull pain ?
my wife , kaori .
there are six in our party .
have you read my instructions regarding your assignment ?
would you mind if we put it off until tomorrow ?
we 'd like to take our leftovers home , please .
for five days , please .
we 've come around the top of the island .
they feel comfortable .
it 's loose .
it 's down south .
a table by the window , please .
happy new year .
when does it open ?
window table , please .
please wrap them up .
is there a main area for restaurants ?
one round-trip ticket for chicago , please .
can we rent rackets ?
where would i find cd 's ?
why do n't we meet in the lobby of the hotel ?
please pay the remainder at the hotel .
where are the japanese books ?
where is the post office in the airport ? i 'd like to send this surface mail to japan .
do n't take too much off the top .
how much is that white one including tax ?
my father often gets drunk .
i 'm forever grateful .
this one .
where 's the nearest fish market ?
all right .
excuse me .
where can i find a blouse in a size eight ?
two small cokes , please .
i 'll have some ham .
looks like silk , does n't it ?
how many exams will a student take ?
could you arrange a ticket for me ?
where 's the ladies ' room ?
would you call an ambulance , please ? there has been an accident .
the champagne is going to your head .
would you hurry , please ?
a round-trip ticket to chicago , please .
i made an appointment with mr. smith .
now i 'd better get a taxi and go back .
we can make it some other time .
thank you ever so much .
there is some room left for further negotiation .
i already paid it when i bought my ticket .
is this ring fourteen carat gold ?
show me the menu again , please .
which musical is popular now ?
this blouse is just what i was looking for .
which section would you like to sit in ?
thank you .
i 've lost my plane ticket .
may i have some medicine for headache ?
about what time does it end ?
that 'll be all .
certainly .
can you exchange yen here ?
you should first go back to the station .
let me see it .
how many more stops to new york ?
how much is it for two days ?
stay back .
so , set my hair , please .
i 'll take your temperature .
i 've paid for meals and hotel charges in advance .
please mail this letter registered .
i 'd like two seats side by side .
we 'll be back later then .
i have a reservation .
i do n't have an appointment , but could you take me now ?
i want to sell semiconductors .
i 'll meet you at two o 'clock tomorrow if that 's convenient .
do you have chocolate made in holland ?
will this all be on the same tab ?
i 'd like a pullover with long sleeves .
